# cpp_template

This is a C++ project template tailored to a CMake/Conan/GoogleTest stack with support for Windows (MSVC), Linux (GCC) and Mac (GCC).

It has been designed to work with C/C++ VSCode Extension and CMake Tools VSCode Extension.

## Checklist

- [ ] Plugins

  - [ ] Install C/C++ VSCode extension.
  - [ ] Install CMake Tools VSCode extension.
  - [ ] Install GoogleTest Adapter VSCode extension.

- [ ] Environment

  - [ ] Using `scripts/set_vcvars.ps1 -Path /path/to/vcvarsall.bat` set the path to `vcvarsall.bat` script from MS VS 2019 installation.

- [ ] `.vscode` -> Visual Studio Code configuration.

  - [ ] `c_cpp_properties.json` -> This file provides IntelliSense configuration for VSCode.

    - [ ] Ensure the `cl.exe` compiler path for configuration `Win32` corresponds correctly to your local setup.
    - [ ] Ensure the `g++` compiler path for configuration `Linux` corresponds correctly to your local setup.
    - [ ] Adjust the standard used by the project with `cStandard` property.
    - [ ] If you work with other people, encourage them to add their system-specific configurations to that file if they want to use IntelliSense in VSCode.

  - [ ] `launch.json` -> Unit test/`main` debugger congfiguration.

    - [ ] In `targetTestBinary` adjust the `options` list to the list of binaries you want to expose to the debugger. Omit the `.exe` extension if you're working on Windows.
    - [ ] Adjust the `gdb` debugger path if necessary.

  - [ ] `settings.json` -> local VSCode settings file.

    - [ ] Adjust `gtest-adapter.debugConfig` to the Debug config name from `launch.json` that you're going to use (if you use GoogleTest).
    - [ ] Adjust `cmake.configureSettings` to with options that are applicable to your project.
    - [ ] Adjust `cmake.generator`. Default Generator is `Ninja`.

  - [ ] `tasks.json` -> Shorthands for running repetitive commands.

    - [ ] Change `project.sln` to the real Solution File name generated by CMake if you're working with MSBuild.
    - [ ] Adjust Conan Package directory in the `Remove` tasks if you're working with Conan.

- [ ] `include`, `test` and `src`

  - [ ] Delete files that you don't need and write your code.

- [ ] `CMakeLists.txt`

  - [ ] Adjust the name of the project, the library and/or the library and/or the executable.
  - [ ] Link any other headers and add directories to the project if necessary.
  - [ ] Link tests.
